This is David Forsyth from
the University of Illinois and
I'm going to talk about the hinge loss.
So now, here's my big problem.
I need to find the a and
b that makes my classifier work well.
So I want some terminology.
I will just use the term decision
boundary to refer to when
a transpose the points, where
a transpose x plus b is equal to zero.
That is always a hyper plane.
So in 1D, it's a point.
In 2D, it's a line.
In 3D, it's a plane.
In 4D, it's a 3D hyper plane and so on.
What we're going to do is,
on what we have is on one side,
examples are negative,
on the other side they're positive.
What we need to do is to choose A and
B that minimizes some cost where the cost
gets the training examples, mostly on
the right side of the decision boundary.
And this is the tricky bit,
and ensures the test examples,
which I don't see in training so they
will worry, are on the right side too.
That's the tricky one.
We are going to use a cost function
that will take the following form.
There is some cost to
do with training error.
And there's a second cost,
which is a penalty term,
which will be used to ensure the test
examples are on the right side as well.
So I'm going to talk about the training
error cost first, because it's easier.
So let me think about
the training error cost.
For any training vector Xi,
I'm going to associate with
that vector Xi gamma,
which will be a transpose Xi + b.
And the reason I'm writing out that gamma
is simply because I don't want to write
a transpose Xi + b everywhere.
It just makes the equation shorter,
there's noting significant about it.
So my cost is going to have the form
compare gamma, To the right answer.
The right answer is either one or
minus one, depending on the label.
Remember my labels were either one or
minus one.
Now, I would like my training
cost to have the form of
an average of cost at examples.
So one of the N makes an average,
why do I care about that?
Because I don't really want the number
to change if I have more examples or
fewer examples.
And I'm going to sum at each example.
Something tells me how well
I'm doing on that example.
Remember, this gamma depends on a and b.
They're just hidden in the gamma.
Now, let's talk about what we want
from that training error cost.
Good properties from that cost function.
So the first property I
want is if gamma i and
yi have different signs,
then that means my a and
b predict the wrong sign at this example,
it's making an error.
So there's should be some large cost.
I don't want to make errors,
I want it to be expensive to make errors.
Furthermore, if gamma i and yi have
different signs and gamma is really big,
has large magnitude, then the classifier's
probably going to make wrong
predictions for test examples that
are close to Xi as well, why?
Because gamma has large magnitude,
meaning Xi is far away from the boundary.
So C should be really big in that case.
So I want C to get bigger as
the magnitude of gamma i gets larger
when yi and gamma i have different signs.
Now, if yi and
gamma i have the same signs, but
gamma i has small magnitude,
then what that means
is xi is quite close to an x
where a transpose x + b = 0.
Now, if it moves just
a little bit further,
it'll get on the other side of
the boundary, and I don't want that.
So if gamma i is small, then the classify
might classify Xi correctly but
it might not classify
points nearby correctly.
So I want C to not be zero, in this case.
I want it to be small, but not zero.
Finally, if they both have the same sign,
and
gamma i has large magnitude,
then C can be zero.
So these are three very
desirable features of a cost.
Now, what I'm going to do is pull the cost
that everybody uses because it's very
good, and it works better than anything
else as far as we know, out of my ear and
then explain that it has
these good properties.
So here's the cost.
It's known as the Hinge Loss.
I say the cost of gamma and
y is the maximum of 0 or 1- y gamma.
And it has these properties,
so let's visualize that cost.
If yi and gamma i have different signs,
then this term is negative,
which means this term is positive,
which means it's expensive.
And if gamma is big, then C is big,
so we have the first property.
If yi and gamma i have the same sign,
but yi gamma i is less than 1,
meaning gamma i is kind of small,
then there is some cost.
Why is there some cost?
Because now,
this term over this term is positive,
it's not positive enough to knock
out that 1, and I get some number.
But if yi times gamma i is bigger than 1,
the classifier
breaks the sign correctly and x as far
from the boundary, there is no cost.
So we can visualize this.
So we can visualize this, I'm going to
make a little drawing over here.
Imagine, yi
= 1.
On the horizontal,
I'm going to put gamma i and
then I'm going to plot the cost
as the function of gamma i.
If gamma i is equal to 1,
then the cost is 0.
If gamma i is bigger than 1,
the cost is 0.
But if gamma i is smaller than 1,
the cost gross linearly.
And in fact, we know with what slope
because if gamma i is equal to 0,
then the cost is equal to 1.
So the cost looks like that.
If gamma i is really positive, it's free.
If gamma i is slightly positive, we'd pay.
And if gamma i is really negative,
we pay a lot, which is what we want.
Now, there is a problem here.
So, one way to see this problem,
is if the training examples all have 0
hinge loss, the classifier is not unique.
How could that happen?
Well, let me draw a little
data set up here.
Imagine all my pluses are up there.
Some of them are Xs apparently, but
we'll make the rest of them pluses.
And all my minuses are down here.
Then there's a line that separates them
that's very far away from both sides,
so each of these could
have a hinge loss of 0.
Now, notice if that's the case,
the classifier is not unique.
2 times a and 2 times b is just as
good a times b, which is a nuisance.
But now, let me think about the hinge loss
for some unknown future test example.
Now, it's important that it is unknown.
If the text example has feature
vector X and unknown label y,
the hinge loss is going to be max of 0,
1- y times a transpose x + b.
Imagine, we get this example wrong, Right?
If a has a small magnitude, then the hinge
loss will be small for that example.
Now, what is that telling me?
What it's telling me is, on balance,
if it's difficult to choose a classifier,
choose the one that has the smallest a,
because anything you see in
the future is going to have a smaller
hinge loss if you can make the a smaller.
Idea, try to get low hinge
loss on training examples
using a small magnitude a, or
penalize large magnitudes of a.
This is known as regularization.
So now,
we go back to my original form of the cost
function that I was going to minimize.
I'm going to minimize
the training error cost,
which is the average of the hinge losses
plus some weight times a penalty term.
And that penalty term will
be the magnitude of a.
This lambda is sometimes referred
to as the regularization parameter.
By the way,
the two over here is just for neatness.
And when you differentiate,
you don't have twos knocking around.
This Lamda is known as
the regularization parameter.
It balances training error
against future error.
So if lamda is 0, then we're not that
concerned about future error and
we're minimizing training error.
If lambda is really big, we don't care
all that much about this cost, and
we try to make a as small as possible.
And, in fact, if lambda is big enough,
a is going to be 0, and
it's not going to be a particularly
interesting classifier.
The problem we have is we don't
know the best choice of lambda.